Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh yes.
That's great! Good job.
Yeah.
You're in for it.
Come on.
Go.
Yes!
Fola. leave it!
Good!
I told you! I told you!
Set and match to team two.
-Thank you.
-We won!
Don't worry. don't worry.
Let's win next time.
-Don't worry. don't worry.
-Yes me.
There's always another time.
-There's always another time.
-Tade. you? Tade. you? Tade. you?
Darling.
-You wish.
-Really?
Don't worry. we're coming for you.
Ignore them.
Keep it up. keep it up. That's it!
This is how winners dance.
Winners in the house.
Oh.
-Ah ah.
-I see.
What is it?
Fola. why is your face like this?
Why are you moody?
Is it because you and Daddy lost?
Ah ah.
See let me tell you something.
in the balance of life. you
win some and you lose some.
-Hmm.
Today you lost. tomorrow you might win.
-Hmm?
The most important thing is that
we all win together in love.
Okay?
Okay. Mummy.
So give me a smile.
Is that all you have to give to me?
Thank you so much. darling.
Thank you.
You're a true definition of love.
Hmm.
Thank you. Err… you know it's because of
love God created us to love.
Right.
Err… I ought to always
call you love because
God made you specifically for me.
-Thank you.
-Thank you my dear.
-Thank you so much. Thanks.
-Thank you.
Thanks.
Okay.
-this one eh. no loser mood.
-Hmm.
Because we're going to
know who the winner is.
-Which one?
-We're going to dance.
-Come on stop it.
-Ah.
-Ah. is it not me that teaches you how to
dance? -Stop it. you know I'll beat you
when it comes to that.
Ah okay. let's see.
-Let's… oh. Fola.
-Let's see. Let's err… see.
Tade. this time around. this time around.
Eh!
-Alright. no now.bend your waist. bend it.
-Okay.
Oh.
You see. is this what I taught you?
Eeh dance. dance. dance.
You can't demolish my house!
You can't demolish my house.
Remove it!
Go go!
Demolish it.
-Demolish everything! Demolish it all!
-Bring it down!
Demolish it completely.
Ah. You'll get demolished with it.
You'll get demolished with it.
Demolish it.
Please don't demolish my house.
Destroy it all. Demolish everything.
Bring everything down.
Come and buy your cheese.
Come out. all.
There's something wrong with you.
young man. You're not normal!
-The group that loves to party…
-Eeh the group that loves to party…
the group that…
-Ah.
-Ah.Ah.
-Ah ah.
-Don't know know you're in
-front of the Otunba's house?
-Ah ah. ah ah. ah ah.
Ah ah. what's wrong with you?
Ah ah.
So this is where you're coming to and you
were driving like a senseless person.
He is a senseless person.Not a question.
-Chief?
-Yes?
You're the one I've come to see.
I'm right here. what is it?
People say you are demolishing
people's houses.
Fool. it's not a saying.
we are actually demolishing houses.
He's so confused he doesn't
know how to express himself.
You're even saying it joyfully.
When you were done selling
the land within your grasp.
why couldn't you go to heaven
to sell the land there?
Your father.
You demolished my father's house?
Ah.
A house I starved. suffered
and worked so hard to build?
Ah.
Do you want to claim that you don't know
when I acquired the land and paid for it?
-We don't.
-Look. an higher authority
will intervene in this matter.
It shall not be well with you
and the ones you want to report to.
-So shall it be.
-Yes. so shall it be.
It shall not be well with you all.
-So shall it be.
-In whose presence. in whose
-presence are you saying such words?
-No problem.
I'm asking.
We are the Ilara chiefs.
Ilara chiefs are like
Kings in other places.
-True.
-Higher than other Kings!
Both you. your parents and
the land. who own you all?
We're the Ilara.
You ought to congratulate yourself because
you and your father were not in the
house when it was demolished.
-You would kill my father?
-Immediately.
You would not dare.
Let him keep acting as if he is important
meanwhile. he's a nobody.
Let me tell you. those who are
instigating you want you dead.
Completely.
If you wish. you can go to the police
station to file a report.
That means you will
become a dead man immediately.
-Yes.
-I'm a dead man right?
You become a dead man.
-Yes.
-I'm dead man right?
-You become a dead man.
-Yes.
-You've been doing this for so long.
-You can't do a thing.
Ah ah.
-This will be your last.
-You can't do a thing.
-Do you want to beat him?
-You can't do anything.
What do you want to do?
-You can't do anything!
-So you want to beat him? You want…
You are lying. You can't do
anything! Ah. Enter the car.
Ah.
-You are insane. Do you want to beat him?
-The battle line is drawn.
Look let me tell you…
Ah.
-Thank you.
-Ah.
I'm grateful.
-Congratulation.
-I'm grateful.
Congratulation.
Thank you.
Your new house is blessed.
So shall it be.
You shall enjoy peace.
You see. let me tell you.
you will live long to enjoy this house.
So shall it be.
-The fortunate one.
-Ajayi my friend.
I greet you all.
My friend. how are you?
So. we can get something done.
Hope you are well?
Oyedeji.
W… w… wait a minute.
will someone else build another
house there while I just watch?
Ah!
Impossible.
impossible. listen. impossible.
I rather die than to watch it happen.
-Agunbiade?
-Eh?
Err… A-Agunbiade. Ah ah!
Why are you being so hard on yourself?
Eh?
Is taking your own life the
solution to this matter?
Ah ah.
Don't you know that living
a long life pays?
Not this kind of ridicule.
not this kind of ridicule. Let me go.
-Let me go. let me go.
-Go… go… go where? Come on give it to me.
-Ajayi please.
-Hand it over to me.
The remaining bit of poison
I used on the farm.
was what your father was about to drink.
Ah ah.
I tried so hard to pacify
him but he didn't listen.
Father. is that true?
You wanted to kill yourself because
of the house that was demolished?
Eeh It is God that gave you.
he will give you another one.
My father. let's leave the matter to God.
What do you mean by that?
Can you hear what Moreni?
L… look. I'm determined to make them pay.
I just came from their place and I have
made them realize they won't escape this.
Once I get to Lagos.
I'm going straight to my lawyer.
Ah.
Err… look. you ought have to informed us
before taking such a step.
Oyewale.
Humm they're like lepers. they can't
work but they are quick to take from
-others.
-Then we amputate them. Ah.
Ah.
Look. have you heard of those that are
untouchables? That's what they are.
They are just like their father.
When there's money involved.
Ah.
They wouldn't even regard
their own own first child.
Err… Chief Otun did something a while ago.
If you were sensible.
you'll know this land belongs to God
and to those who know it's history.
Your forefathers ought to have told
you that this land does not belong to
the Ogunlade family.
-Ah. Chief.
-Yes.
You want to steal again.
just like you used to.
Ah!
Yes. You have been taking this land from
us bit by bit with dubious means.
-Ah!
-Ah.
You won't take it while I'm
alive. I will send Ogun to you.
Ah.
Oh Ogun! You're first among
the gods. powerful on earth!
Ogunlana. Ogunlana.
Father.
-Let's resolve this patiently.
-Father. we can't resolve this
patiently. I'm calling on Ogun to deal
with these wicked and greedy chiefs.
Oh Ogun! Oh Ogun please wipe out their
entire family! Oh Ogun…
Ogunlana.
-You've killed him. Hey! Hey!
-Ah ah! My son.
O Creator!
-Ah. see how you fought on our behalf.
-Ah.
Why are we Chiefs.
ehn? We that wined with the deity
and dined with the deity.
Without even asking.
he does whatever we want.
-Or should Ogun destroy the whole family?
-Err… leave them. leave them.
Let's allow them to learn from this.
-But even at that…
-Don't but me. let's
take care of your father.
Or if you're not ready.
maybe you can take him with you.
Stop crying.
My father.
Will you go to Lagos with us?
Eh?
No.
No. no. no.
Don't cry.
Don't cry anymore.
they can't escape this.
I've heard you.
Alright.
-Let your mind be at ease.
-Father please stop crying.
I have heard you.
Ah.
God is not done with you yet.
Put your mind at ease.
Don't cry anymore.
Alright.
They do. In fact. I'm tired of everything.
Ah ah.
In a town where there
are laws and culture.
But are we just going to keep quiet
and continue watching them?
That is what really hurts me.
All the people I confided in
told me to leave it to God.
I was told they are well connected
and very powerful.
they thrive on people's sorrow.
Really?
Yes.
Ah.
Just because you want to sell someone's
land. you demolish their house.
I mean… that's so wicked.
Ah ah!
I'm sad. I'm so sad.
I know.
Ah.
They didn't notify us. they said nothing.
I feel we shouldn't just be quiet.
No. no. no.
You have no money but you
claim you have an idea.
To hell with you and your idea
You lovers of enjoyment
Keep on enjoying yourselves
We are the best among the best.
so therefore…
Em. look. look. are you listening?
You can eat whatever you want. I'm well
-prepared.
-Therefore we are the best among the best
I said therefore we
are the best of the best
Do you want to hear the truth? I will
saturate your life with so much pleasure.
Really?
-To hell with your idea
-Ah.
This is just the beginning.
-See.
-Yes.
Mmm-hmm.
I understand what you are saying.
Eh.
-Tomorrow can be predicted from today.
-Exactly.
-Eh.
-We understand the wonders
you'll perform when you become king.
-Ah.
-No one can stop you…
Eh?
This is just the beginning. ah.
I will saturate your lives with pleasure.
My lord. ah. I understand.
My Lord.
Sorry.
Now listen. I hope everyone of you know
that as you're here tonight.
No one is going back home.
you're sleeping over.
Ah?
-Really?
-Yes.
We are not prepared to sleep over.
Eer put your mind at rest.
for me to say you are sleeping over.
I have prepared beddings you.
-The King has asked me to sing
-We hail you all
I greet you. Otun and Olukosi
-I greet you Akin and Iyalode
Err… look behind you. here is the
bedding to keep you warm for the night.
We hail you all
I have the power. I
can do whatever I want
-Ahh!
-Ehm. please. please. for God's sake.
we have what will keep us warm.
what will now happen to Iyalode?
Won't she freeze to death?
I'm satisfied. I'm satisfied.
Please don't bother yourself.
I'm satisfied.
-You should be satisfied.
-I'm satisfied. I'm satisfied.
-Are you supposed to say that now?
-Yes I'm satisfied. I'm satisfied.
Don't bother.
We are going to enjoy ourselves
to the fullest
Who said talking can achieve anything?
It's someone who knows nothing
-We hail you all
-When I finally ascend my father's throne.
It's someone who doesn't know you
-We hail you all
-Ah! You will soon much
-enjoy yourselves in this life.
-He who wants to be king
Ah.
I will spoil you all
with so much pleasure.
-Ah. we get you.
-I will take care of you
till you die with pleasure.
-Aren't you doing so already?
-Aah! Oh God.I will
embarrassed by the level of my care.
I greet you all on the right.
I greet you all on the left.
Ifa has spoken.
Ifa said we should select
the lineage of Adekogbe
that is where we should
get our new Onilara.
Ifa said so?
Yes. That's what Ifa said.
Ah. B… b… but…
Eh eh?
Hmm.
-Ah. Hmm.
-What do you want to say?
Hmm.
Hmmm.
Ah!
What else do you want to say?
Me? How?
Onilara of Ilara?
Please what did you see
in me that makes you
think I should be the Onilara of Ilara?
Ah.
You should seek out someone you know well.
Honour is given to whom honour is due.
Please go make your selection
from another family.
Please allow me to be. it's not my place.
It is true. you shouldn't be selected
before people like us.
True.
It's not like we did not see
others before coming to you.
But because we know that you're
capable for this position.
You're the closest to the throne.
you're well matured and at the right age.
Look. thank you. I've heard you.
but I have no interest at all.
I'm ready to support anyone who wishes to
become the king in our family. but me?
No. no. no. Forget about it.
I am fine. I'm happy the way I am.
-Just let me be.
-Your Highness. that's a big lie.
Uncle Gbade. who is your Highness?
Don't call me your Highness.
I don't like it.
It is because I want
you to get used to it.
The youths are leaders of tomorrow and
there's nothing that lasts forever.
Look don't let me deceive you.
The whole family has agreed to this.
please you just have to accept it.
The family should take it back.
I don't want it.
Ah.
I said I don't like it.
Even my son must not attempt
to become the king.
This is what we are saying.
When the youths sit at home while
the older men run the government.
then you'll start complaining that
things are not properly done.
Now we are delegating you youths.
yet you are giving excuses.
But let me tell you something.
if this opportunity passes our family by…
Are you listening? I said if this
opportunity passes our family by…
Hm.
At this point in time.
it's a discussion for another day.
-Look. look. look. I'm not interested!
-Ah!
-Ah ah. ah ah.
-Ah. he said he is just starting.
-Ah ah. I don't understand.
-Ah ah.
What is this?
Is it on this same issue?
Err…
Ah. this is too much.
Eh?
-Our soon to be king!
-Err… err… Chief. Chief I've told you
-to stop calling me the future King.
-Yes?
It has been said that all those
who were called the future King.
never become the King.
That's just a mere saying. ah.
you will surely become the King.
Eh eh.
It is ordained. so
shall it be. it is ordained.
You will become the King.
Thank you. I'm grateful.
Ah ah.
Err… look. look at these cows.
Hm.
-Hmm.
-Yes.
These cows. They are for you.
-Ah. eh!
-Yes. that's right.
I just on thought that
on the coronation day.
I don't want to hear food is not enough.
soup is not enough.
That's why I got these.
-Hmm.
-Cows?
Yes.
For what occasion?
For my coronation.
-Yes.
-Of course.
Ah ah.
Eeh look.
madam. should I tell you the truth?
Don't you know that there
will be many people…
Hmm-hm.
The Kings that will be in attendance
on that day will be more than hundred.
-Ca…can you see he knows what he's doing?
-Did you hear him?
And I don't want the feast
to be at the Palace alone.
I want my chiefs that we
fought the battle the
battle
through thick and thin I also want
them to also partake in the feast.
Ahh. In fact. listen. If
there's any one among you chiefs
who wants a live band to
perform to enhance the merriment…
Yes.
Leave it to me I'll foot the bill.
-Ah ah!
-Adeeyo will foot the bill. I am capable.
-I'll invite two live bands. two.
-Did you… did you hear that?
No… no problem.
-If we are not capable…
-Ah.
Ade…
-My lord!
-Yes?
A great man.
Well done.
A good man with pure soul.
That's me.
-The one who succeeds…
-Yes.
And does not forget his friends.
Adeeyo is a king. his father is also a
-king.
-Ahh.
That's me. I'm a King. See.
these are the King's fathers and mother.
-My lord.
-Hmm? Ah.
I dare not come here empty handed.
-My lord.
-Ah ah.
-Ahhh!
-Hold on.
Oh Adeeyo!
Adeeyo!
Eh.
My love. there's absolutely no reason
for you to decline this offer.
Your family supports it.
and it is your birthright.
Moreover there is no fight.
no competition involved.
Please. don't decline this offer.
Darling…
You don't understand.
let me explain it to you.
You know for now.
it is you. the children and I.
Once I become the King. I
will become the father to all.
Eh eh?
I won't have time for my
family like I used to.
That is not going to happen.
I will be by your side all the way.
Every step of the way.
-Darling!
-Let me explain. When you're weak and
tired. my shoulder will be there for you
to lean on.
And as for the kids.
our love for them will only grow stronger.
You will always be the father they love.
The one that provides for
them and cares for them.
Answer the call. my husband.
I will cope. I promise you. I will cope.
I plead with you…
The one who paid my dowry.
-Your Highness.
-Ah.
Please.
Your Highness.
How was your trip?
Act like a king walk like a
king. do a king's dance for us
You're all welcome.
Act like a king. walk like a king. do
a king's dance for us. act like a king
Precious king.
Act like a king. walk like a king.
do a king's dance for us. act like a king
Act like a king walk like a king.
Act like a king. walk like a king.
do a king's dance for us. act like a king
Act like a king. walk like a king. do
a king's dance for us. act like a kin
-Welcome.
-Welcome!
-Act like a king. walk like a king…
-Ah.
You are welcome!
Agaju.
you're the first deity who accepted cock.
And if truly we are not mistaken.
and Adedunjoye is our King.
this is the cock you asked
me to give to you.
Take it!
-Aganju. you succeeded.
-My chiefs.
we have come to inform you that we
will start the King making rites for
Adedunjoye tomorrow morning.
so he can ascend his forefather's throne.
It is gettig late.
How is it getting late.
how is it getting late? Ah ah.
We all have our duties to perform. We
also have some rites to perform before
handing over the Onilara to
you. Allow us to do that.
Yes.
Otun. why are you people now trying to
pull us back. when all is ready and set?
Ah. Eh?
If you recall.
it's been over three years since we've
been on this issue of who will become
the King.
Yet you say there's still time?
Please. allow the Onilara to be crowned.
What's the meaning of all this?Aah!
Won't we perform the necessary rites
because you want to do
the King's coronation?
Hmm.
Why are you grunting?
-Ah ah.
-Why did you do humm now?
Won't we perform our own rites?
Why are you grunting. grunting like a pig?
Be very careful. Don't pick on me at
all. Whatever I've said and my humm… does
-it now have a meaning?
-Ah! It has a lot of meaning.
Ah.
You're the one who knows
how you perceived it.
The reason for the ''humm'' I did is only
known by me. It's because I'm happy.
The reason I grunted is because we
are about to install a new king.
We didn't have one before. but now we do.
-That was the reason I did ''humm''.
-So who's not happy with having a king?
I don't understand.
-Look. look…
-Has it…?
-Right?
-Look. look. don't
fight amongst yourselves.
As long as the Ifa has spoken.
and you chiefs did not go
against what ifa said.
then preparations have started.
Ehm listen. is that right?
Because our opinions are different now.
Once there's a difference in opinion.
then there's nothing more to say.
-Then it's fine. It's fine.
We. the initiates are here. We are here.
We are here. let us in
The initiates are here.
Let us in.
At the entrance of light
darkness disperses.
A town without a leader is in darkness.
A town that has a leader and the leader
is evil. is also in the darkness.
The deity has chosen for us in this land.
we have found a good person.
Your Highness. light up the town.
Now light it.
Ahh!
-Light it up. light it up.
-The king has lit up this land.
-Light it up.
Your highness.
here is the staff.
A staff that is small but mighty.
that touches the heavens and the earth.
Sometimes it's hot. sometimes it's cold.
That's the seventh deity of Ilara town.
The staff room is the place you'll enter
last. Aside from the day you see it.
you must never set eyes on it again.
May you obtain mercy from the staff.
So shall it be.
-May you never experience its anger.
-So shall it be.
Your highness. this is Agaju.
Start from there. Don't get it wrong.
Hmm.
The One that saves the earth.
the One that saves the heavens.
the One that saves the spiritual
and the metaphysical.
If you have bitter kola. give it to Sango.
Aganju only accepts a cock and
it makes the town peaceful.
May the owners of the land
help you rule the land.
So shall it be.
-May Aganju help you rule the land.
-So shall it be.
Your Highness. please move onwards.
Your Highness.
this is Ayantoye.
he was the first drummer of Ilara.
May the Creator make him
drum for your good.
Your Highness.
this is Afokunbore. the great orator.
He was the first orator to praise
King Adekogbe. May he praise you well.
So shall it be.
This is Okoto's first son.
He was the first dancer in Ilara town.
May the Creator make him dance for you.
May your dance be a dance of honor.
-So shall it be.
Your Highness.
can you see that room up ahead?
That is the room Adekogbe first slept in
before he became the King of Ilara.
Since then.
it became a must for anyone who will
ascend the throne of Ilara to sleep
there compulsorily.
You see that room you are looking at?
It's a room you can never speak of.
Because whatever you see in that room.
Must stay in that room.
You are to lie on your right side.
you must not change position.
It is forbidden.
you must never lie on your left side.
Your highness. may you sleep well.
-No. no. no. no.
-This is yours alone to bear.
No one goes in with you.
no one knows what goes on in there.
It's a wilderness.
No one can go in with you.
It is the wilderness of the gods.
No one goes in with you. no one sees
it with you. no one goes there with you.
No one goes there with you.
No one goes in with you.
No one sees it with you.
no one goes there with you.
No one goes in with you!
No one sees it with you.
no one goes there with you.
No one goes in with you!
No one eats it with you.
no one goes in with you.
You are to face it alone.
No one goes in with you.
It's a wilderness you
must go through alone.
No one goes in with you. no one sees
it with you. no one goes there with you.
No one goes in with you.
No one sees it with you.
no one goes in with you.
-No one goes in with you.
No one goes in with you.
No one sees it with you.
no one goes in with you.
No one goes in with you.
Come out from where? He can
never come out from there alive.
-Ah.
-Yes.
When you hear of someone's
sudden death. that will be his story.
He will… he will die in there.
-Hmm.
-No one will survive it.
Hold on. hold on.
are you trying to say that he will
die before he completes the rituals?
-Exactly!
-Yes!
Don't worry about it!
You just put your mind at ease and just
relax yourself. You will see the result.
Look here Chiefs.
let's all bow to the King.
-Your highness.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm